KUBERNETES OBJECT means persistence enties which are present in kubernetes systems.
we can create k objects through yaml file.
Object can be anything like...node, pod, horizontal pod autosaclaler, config map,secrets, services , namespaces
here first we create pod object...then we create service object to expose our application to the public....
 While creating object ..In that 4 fields are important..... (file name like xxxxx.yaml) called manifest file.

api version ----This tells which version of kubernetes API we are going to use to create this perticular object.

kind : It says which kind of  kubernetes object you going to create ....you want to create hpa,pod,node,service etc

metadata : This will specify unique name to our kubernetes object (this can be anything like name, name space, uid (string type)

spec : This will tell you the desired state of the kubernetes object.....
for ex  :if i create pod object then desired state includes docker image , port number etc

Once installed minikube you can delete it...and wen you want to  use it again just type minikube start
---
----
----
---

till you see the message kubectl configured......
after that you can start using minikube

kubectl get nodes

namespaces: It is k8s object..which is used for a kind of mechanism for isolating the gropup of resources within a cluster.
It is nothing but your projects....If you want to create staging , developeent environment for your oraganisation in a single 
cluster then you can use a namespaces.
(here one or more devops engineer will wok in single k8 cluster....developer will give the application A 's  code   to devops engineer.1 ...
He will dockerise that application and build a docker image of that application. 
And then he will dploy this applicatopn on a kubernetes cluster as a pod. And then he runs as a container. 
And in menifest file , he used metadata xyz and deployed that application.
Devops engineer.2 will do the same thing and he deploy his application in the same k8 ncluster....He also used same metadata name in his 
menifest file....So application is updated....That means the application delerted , which is deployed from devops engineer 1 and
devops engiineer 2's application is updated.
#rd devops engineer also did the same thing...
That means they all deployed under same name spaces...and all names overwrite
So in real time multiple people will working on a same project...to avoid all these namespace is  created.
in same name space we cant use same metadata...in different name space we can use same metadata.....

kubectl get ns

kube- default (our  kubernetes cluster will set in default namespace...If you do any deployment without specifieng name 
space that is go and deployed on this default namespace...This is the name space where kubernetes provide for  you to start 
deploying your k8s objects or resources here in default name spaces.

kube node-lease --This is going to tell you that wether your node is up and running or not. if not it will send a signal to controller manager.
kube-public --- This is publically accesible...Our client can access the kubernetes cluster throgh this namespace
kube-system -----Here Kubernetes services which is related to this perticular k8s cluster can run here (i.e kube etcd kube shedular cm,cube proxy 
such perticular pods are running here..because those are system level service. 
That is been reserverd for the system level services to be running

In future dont touch other name spaces except default....or your own custom name spaces.....

In minikube:

kubectl create ns bhavya
kubectl get ns
So in our name space we will create kubernetes objects.


